Welcome to FoxVox landing! FoxVox is a chrome extension powered by gpt-4o mady by Palisade Research to interactively demonstrate capabilities of AI for **automated** disinformation **at scale**. We show that AI is powerful enough for a malicious actor - be that a large company, news article website, social media platform, or a hacker -- to be able to subtly change the content you consume on the internet without your knowledge. 

### Why is this dangerous? 

-- Pushing political agendas is often not about direct lies, but about interpretations of the true facts in favor of your chosen view. An effectiveness of propaganda is empirically evident -- and we show that AI models can produce quality news titles and articles at scale. This means, that simply by outputting more of politically charged content into the internet a well-equipped actor can influence public opinion more than before.

-- Your reality could be manipulated without your knowledge. A current trends show that more and more companies and products adopt AI models to help you generate, analyse, structure or look for content. We do not have any procedures or certifications in place to ensure good-willing of all of these intentions. A search engine company could implement a search summary AI model that is slightly biased towards presenting views of a particular political company as more favorable. A browser you decided to install could have a model in it that slightly rewrites some of the code on stack-overflow so that it doesn't work -- potentially making you buy their own AI-powered code assistant. 
